docs/tutorials_examples/introduction.md, before:

# Tutorials & Examples

Here we will list our tutorials and explore various examples to help you get up and running in the easiest and fastest manner.

## SubQuery Examples

| Example | Description | Topics |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [extrinsic-finalized-block](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/extrinsic-finalized-block) | Indexes extrinsics so they can be queried by their hash | The simplest example with a __block handler__ function |
| [block-timestamp](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/block-timestamp) | Indexes timestamp of each finalized block | Another simple __call handler__ function |
| [validator-threshold](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/validator-threshold) | Indexes the least staking amount required for a validator to be elected. | More complicated __block handler__ function that makes __external calls__ to the `@polkadot/api` for additional on-chain data |
| [sum-reward](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/sum-reward) | Indexes staking bond, rewards, and slashes from the events of finalized block | More complicated __event handlers__ with a __one-to-many__ relationship |
| [entity-relation](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/entity-relation) | Indexes balance transfers between accounts, also indexes utility batchAll to find out the content of the extrinsic calls | __One-to-many__ and __many-to-many__ relationships and complicated __extrinsic handling__ |
| [kitty](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/kitty) | Indexes birth info of kitties. | Complex __call handlers__ and __event handlers__, with data indexed from a __custom chain__ |

Commit message:

Adds dictionary section to tutorials (#454)
* Adds how a dictionary works

Updates URL

Adds period

* Adds how a dictionary works

Updates URL

Adds period

Fix grammar

* Fix grammar

* Removes extra text

* Update tutorials folder

* Add links to new dictionary content

* Adds dictionary to main page

Co-authored-by: James Bayly <bayly.james@gmail.com>

docs/tutorials_examples/introduction.md, after:

# Tutorials & Examples

Here we will list our tutorials and explore various examples to help you get up and running in the easiest and fastest manner.

## Tutorials



## SubQuery Example Projects

| Example | Description | Topics |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [extrinsic-finalized-block](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/extrinsic-finalized-block) | Indexes extrinsics so they can be queried by their hash. | The simplest example with a __block handler__ function. |
| [block-timestamp](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/block-timestamp) | Indexes timestamp of each finalized block. | Another simple __call handler__ function. |
| [validator-threshold](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/validator-threshold) | Indexes the least staking amount required for a validator to be elected. | More complicated __block handler__ function that makes __external calls__ to the `@polkadot/api` for additional on-chain data. |
| [sum-reward](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/sum-reward) | Indexes staking bond, rewards, and slashes from the events of finalized block. | More complicated __event handlers__ with a __one-to-many__ relationship. |
| [entity-relation](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/entity-relation) | Indexes balance transfers between accounts, also indexes utility batchAll to find out the content of the extrinsic calls. | __One-to-many__ and __many-to-many__ relationships and complicated __extrinsic handling__. |
| [kitty](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/kitty) | Indexes birth info of kitties. | Complex __call handlers__ and __event handlers__, with data indexed from a __custom chain__. |
| [subquery-dictionary](https://github.com/subquery/subql-dictionary) | Pre-indexes extrinsics and events for up to 10x performance improvements.  |  __Block handlers__, __event handlers__ and __call handlers__, with data indexed from Polkadot mainnet. |
