docs/run/run.md, before:

# Running SubQuery Locally

This guide works through how to run a local SubQuery node on your own infrastructure, which includes both the indexer and query service.
Don't want to worry about running your own SubQuery infrastructure? SubQuery provides a [managed hosted service](https://explorer.subquery.network) to the community for free. [Follow our publishing guide](/publish/publish.md) to see how you can upload your project to [SubQuery Projects](https://project.subquery.network).

## Using Docker

An alternative solution is to run a <strong>Docker Container</strong>, defined by the `docker-compose.yml` file. For a new project that has been just initalised you won't need to change anything here.

Under the project directory run following command:
```shell
docker-compose pull && docker-compose up
```
It may take some time to download the required packages ([`@subql/node`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@subql/node), [`@subql/query`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@subql/query), and Postgres) for the first time but soon you'll see a running SubQuery node.

## Running a Indexer (subql/node)

Requirements:
- [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) database (version 12 or higher). While the [SubQuery node](#start-a-local-subquery-node) is indexing the blockchain, the extracted data is stored in an external database instance.

A SubQuery node is an implementation that extracts substrate-based blockchain data per the SubQuery project, and saves it into a Postgres database.

### Installation

```shell
# Yarn
yarn global add @subql/node

# NPM
npm install -g @subql/node
```

Once installed, you can can start a node

```shell
subql-node <command>
```

### Key Commands 

The following commands will assist you to complete the configuration of a SubQuery node and begin indexing.
To find out more, you can always run `--help`.

#### Point to local project path
````
subql-node -f your-project-path 
````

#### Connect to database

````
export DB_USER=postgres 
export DB_PASS=postgres 
export DB_DATABASE=postgres 
export DB_HOST=localhost 
export DB_POST=5432
subql-node -f your-project-path 
````
Depending on the configuration of your Postgres database (e.g. a different database password), please ensure also that both the indexer (`subql/node`) and the query service (`subql/query`) is able to establish connection to it.

#### Specify a configuration file

````
subql-node -c your-project-config.yml
````

This will point the query node to a configure file which can be in YAML or JSON format. Check out the example below.

```yaml
subquery: ../../../../subql-example/extrinsics
subqueryName: extrinsics
batchSize:100
localMode:true
```

#### Change the block fetching batch size

````
subql-node -f your-project-path --batch-size 200

Result:
[IndexerManager] fetch block [203, 402]
[IndexerManager] fetch block [403, 602]
````

When the indexer first indexes the chain, fetching single blocks will significantly decrease the performance.
Increasing the batch-size to adjust the number of blocks fetched and will decrease the overall processing time.
The current default batch-size is 100.

#### Local mode
````
subql-node -f your-project-path --local
````
For debugging purposes, users can run the node in local mode. Switching to local model will create Postgres tables in the default schema `public`.

If local mode is not used, a new Postgres schema with the initial `subquery_ ` and corresponding project tables will be created.

## Running a Query Service (subql/query)

### Installation

```shell
# Yarn
yarn global add @subql/query

# NPM
npm install -g @subql/query
```

### Runing the Query service

````
export DB_HOST=localhost
subql-query --name <project_name> --playground
````
Make sure the project name is same as the project name when you [initialize the project](/quickstart/quickstart.md#initialise-the-starter-subquery-project). Also check the environment variables are correct.

After running the subql-query service successfully, open your browser and head to `http://localhost:3000`. You should see a GraphQL playground showing in the Explorer and the schema that is ready to query.

Commit message:

[release] 20210625 (#359)
* release-20210625

* Dictionary Documentation

* Dictionary change log

* improve fetch message

* remove dictionary from Custom Chains example

Co-authored-by: James Bayly <bayly.james@gmail.com>

docs/run/run.md, after:

# Running SubQuery Locally

This guide works through how to run a local SubQuery node on your own infrastructure, which includes both the indexer and query service.
Don't want to worry about running your own SubQuery infrastructure? SubQuery provides a [managed hosted service](https://explorer.subquery.network) to the community for free. [Follow our publishing guide](/publish/publish.md) to see how you can upload your project to [SubQuery Projects](https://project.subquery.network).

## Using Docker

An alternative solution is to run a <strong>Docker Container</strong>, defined by the `docker-compose.yml` file. For a new project that has been just initalised you won't need to change anything here.

Under the project directory run following command:
```shell
docker-compose pull && docker-compose up
```
It may take some time to download the required packages ([`@subql/node`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@subql/node), [`@subql/query`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@subql/query), and Postgres) for the first time but soon you'll see a running SubQuery node.

## Running a Indexer (subql/node)

Requirements:
- [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) database (version 12 or higher). While the [SubQuery node](#start-a-local-subquery-node) is indexing the blockchain, the extracted data is stored in an external database instance.

A SubQuery node is an implementation that extracts substrate-based blockchain data per the SubQuery project, and saves it into a Postgres database.

### Installation

```shell
# Yarn
yarn global add @subql/node

# NPM
npm install -g @subql/node
```

Once installed, you can can start a node

```shell
subql-node <command>
```

### Key Commands 

The following commands will assist you to complete the configuration of a SubQuery node and begin indexing.
To find out more, you can always run `--help`.

#### Point to local project path
````
subql-node -f your-project-path 
````

#### Using a Dictionary

Using a full chain dictionary can dramatically speed up the processing of a SubQuery project during testing or during your first index. In some cases we've seen indexing performance increases of up to 10x.

A full chain dictionary pre-indexes the location of all events and extrinsics within the specific chain, and allows your node service to skip to relevant locations when indexing rather than inspecting each block.

You can add the dictionary endpoint in your `project.yaml` file (see [Manifest File](/create/manifest.md)), or alternatively specify it at run time using the following command:

```
subql-node --network-dictionary=https://api.subquery.network/sq/subquery/dictionary-polkadot
```

#### Connect to database

````
export DB_USER=postgres 
export DB_PASS=postgres 
export DB_DATABASE=postgres 
export DB_HOST=localhost 
export DB_POST=5432
subql-node -f your-project-path 
````
Depending on the configuration of your Postgres database (e.g. a different database password), please ensure also that both the indexer (`subql/node`) and the query service (`subql/query`) is able to establish connection to it.

#### Specify a configuration file

````
subql-node -c your-project-config.yml
````

This will point the query node to a configure file which can be in YAML or JSON format. Check out the example below.

```yaml
subquery: ../../../../subql-example/extrinsics
subqueryName: extrinsics
batchSize:100
localMode:true
```

#### Change the block fetching batch size

````
subql-node -f your-project-path --batch-size 200

Result:
[IndexerManager] fetch block [203, 402]
[IndexerManager] fetch block [403, 602]
````

When the indexer first indexes the chain, fetching single blocks will significantly decrease the performance.
Increasing the batch-size to adjust the number of blocks fetched and will decrease the overall processing time.
The current default batch-size is 100.

#### Local mode
````
subql-node -f your-project-path --local
````
For debugging purposes, users can run the node in local mode. Switching to local model will create Postgres tables in the default schema `public`.

If local mode is not used, a new Postgres schema with the initial `subquery_ ` and corresponding project tables will be created.

## Running a Query Service (subql/query)

### Installation

```shell
# Yarn
yarn global add @subql/query

# NPM
npm install -g @subql/query
```

### Runing the Query service

````
export DB_HOST=localhost
subql-query --name <project_name> --playground
````
Make sure the project name is same as the project name when you [initialize the project](/quickstart/quickstart.md#initialise-the-starter-subquery-project). Also check the environment variables are correct.

After running the subql-query service successfully, open your browser and head to `http://localhost:3000`. You should see a GraphQL playground showing in the Explorer and the schema that is ready to query.
