docs/create/manifest.md, before:

# Manifest File

The Manifest `project.yaml` file can be seen as an entry point of your project and it defines most of the details on how SubQuery will index and transform the chain data.

The Manifest can be in either YAML or JSON format. In this document, we will use YAML in all the examples. Below is a standard example of a basic `project.yaml`. 

``` yml
specVersion: "0.0.1"
description: ""
repository: "https://github.com/subquery/subql-starter"

schema: "./schema.graphql"

network:
  endpoint: "wss://polkadot.api.onfinality.io/public-ws"
  # Optionally provide the HTTP endpoint of a full chain dictionary to speed up processing
  dictionary: "https://api.subquery.network/sq/subquery/dictionary-polkadot"

dataSources:
  - name: main
    kind: substrate/Runtime
    startBlock: 1
    mapping:
      handlers:
        - handler: handleBlock
          kind: substrate/BlockHandler
        - handler: handleEvent
          kind: substrate/EventHandler
          filter: #Filter is optional but suggested to speed up event processing
            module: balances
            method: Deposit
        - handler: handleCall
          kind: substrate/CallHandler
```

- `network.endpoint` defines the wss or ws endpoint of the blockchain to be indexed - **This must be a full archive node**. 
- `network.dictionary` optionally provides the HTTP endpoint of a full chain dictionary to speed up processing - see [Running an Indexer](../run/run.md#using-a-dictionary)
- `dataSources` defines the data that will be filtered and extracted and the location of the mapping function handler for the data transformation to be applied. 
  - `kind` only supports `substrate/Runtime` for now.
  - `startBlock` specifies the block height to start indexing from.
  - `filter` will filter the data source to execute by the network endpoint spec name, see [network filters](#network-filters)
  - `mapping.handlers` will list all the [mapping functions](./mapping.md) and their corresponding handler types, with additional [mapping filters](#mapping-filters).

## Network Filters 

Usually the user will create a SubQuery and expect to reuse it for both their testnet and mainnet environments (e.g Polkadot and Kusama). Between networks, various options are likely to be different (e.g. index start block). Therefore, we allow users to define different details for each data source which means that one SubQuery project can still be used across multiple networks.

Users can add a `filter` on `dataSources` to decide which data source to run on each network.

Below is an example that shows different data sources for both the Polkadot and Kusama networks.

```yaml
...
network:
  endpoint: "wss://polkadot.api.onfinality.io/public-ws"

#Create a template to avoid redundancy
definitions:
  mapping: &mymapping
    handlers:
      - handler: handleBlock
        kind: substrate/BlockHandler

dataSources:
  - name: polkadotRuntime
    kind: substrate/Runtime
    filter:  #Optional
        specName: polkadot
    startBlock: 1000
    mapping: *mymapping #use template here
  - name: kusamaRuntime
    kind: substrate/Runtime
    filter: 
        specName: kusama
    startBlock: 12000 
    mapping: *mymapping # can reuse or change
```

## Mapping Filters

Mapping filters are an extremely useful feature to decide what block, event, or extrinsic will trigger a mapping handler. 

Only incoming data that satisfy the filter conditions will be processed by the mapping functions. Mapping filters are optional but are recommended as they significantly reduce the amount of data processed by your SubQuery project and will improve indexing performance.

```yaml
#Example filter from callHandler
filter: 
   module: balances
   method: Deposit
   success: true
```

The following table explains filters supported by different handlers.

| Handler                  | Supported filter                                          |
|---------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| [BlockHandler](./mapping.md#block-handler) | `specVersion` |
| [EventHandler](./mapping.md#event-handler) | `module`,`method` |
| [CallHandler](./mapping.md#call-handler) | `module`,`method` ,`success`|


-  Module and method filters are supported on any substrate-based chain.
- The `success` filter takes a boolean value and can be used to filter the extrinsic by its success status.
- The `specVersion` filter specifies the spec version range for a substrate block. The following examples describe how to set version ranges.

```yaml
filter:
  specVersion: [23, 24]   #Index block with specVersion in between 23 and 24 (inclusive).
  specVersion: [100]      #Index block with specVersion greater than or equal 100.
  specVersion: [null, 23] #Index block with specVersion less than or equal 23.
```

## Custom Chains

You can index data from custom chains by also including chain types in the `project.yaml`. Declare the specific types supported by this blockchain in `network.types`. We support the additional types used by substrate runtime modules.

`typesAlias`, `typesBundle`, `typesChain`, and `typesSpec` are also supported.

``` yml
specVersion: "0.0.1"
description: "This subquery indexes kitty's birth info"
repository: "https://github.com/onfinality-io/subql-examples"
schema: "./schema.graphql"
network:
  endpoint: "ws://host.kittychain.io/public-ws"
  types: {
    "KittyIndex": "u32",
    "Kitty": "[u8; 16]"
  }
# typesChain: { chain: { Type5: 'example' } }
# typesSpec: { spec: { Type6: 'example' } }
dataSources:
  - name: runtime
    kind: substrate/Runtime
    startBlock: 1
    filter:  #Optional
      specName: kitty-chain 
    mapping:
      handlers:
        - handler: handleKittyBred
          kind: substrate/CallHandler
          filter:
            module: kitties
            method: breed
            success: true
```

Commit message:

Adds dictionary section to tutorials (#454)
* Adds how a dictionary works

Updates URL

Adds period

* Adds how a dictionary works

Updates URL

Adds period

Fix grammar

* Fix grammar

* Removes extra text

* Update tutorials folder

* Add links to new dictionary content

* Adds dictionary to main page

Co-authored-by: James Bayly <bayly.james@gmail.com>

docs/create/manifest.md, after:

# Manifest File

The Manifest `project.yaml` file can be seen as an entry point of your project and it defines most of the details on how SubQuery will index and transform the chain data.

The Manifest can be in either YAML or JSON format. In this document, we will use YAML in all the examples. Below is a standard example of a basic `project.yaml`. 

``` yml
specVersion: "0.0.1"
description: ""
repository: "https://github.com/subquery/subql-starter"

schema: "./schema.graphql"

network:
  endpoint: "wss://polkadot.api.onfinality.io/public-ws"
  # Optionally provide the HTTP endpoint of a full chain dictionary to speed up processing
  dictionary: "https://api.subquery.network/sq/subquery/dictionary-polkadot"

dataSources:
  - name: main
    kind: substrate/Runtime
    startBlock: 1
    mapping:
      handlers:
        - handler: handleBlock
          kind: substrate/BlockHandler
        - handler: handleEvent
          kind: substrate/EventHandler
          filter: #Filter is optional but suggested to speed up event processing
            module: balances
            method: Deposit
        - handler: handleCall
          kind: substrate/CallHandler
```

- `network.endpoint` defines the wss or ws endpoint of the blockchain to be indexed - **This must be a full archive node**. 
- `network.dictionary` optionally provides the HTTP endpoint of a full chain dictionary to speed up processing - read [how a SubQuery Dictionary works](../tutorials_examples/dictionary.md).
- `dataSources` defines the data that will be filtered and extracted and the location of the mapping function handler for the data transformation to be applied. 
  - `kind` only supports `substrate/Runtime` for now.
  - `startBlock` specifies the block height to start indexing from.
  - `filter` will filter the data source to execute by the network endpoint spec name, see [network filters](#network-filters)
  - `mapping.handlers` will list all the [mapping functions](./mapping.md) and their corresponding handler types, with additional [mapping filters](#mapping-filters).

## Network Filters 

Usually the user will create a SubQuery and expect to reuse it for both their testnet and mainnet environments (e.g Polkadot and Kusama). Between networks, various options are likely to be different (e.g. index start block). Therefore, we allow users to define different details for each data source which means that one SubQuery project can still be used across multiple networks.

Users can add a `filter` on `dataSources` to decide which data source to run on each network.

Below is an example that shows different data sources for both the Polkadot and Kusama networks.

```yaml
...
network:
  endpoint: "wss://polkadot.api.onfinality.io/public-ws"

#Create a template to avoid redundancy
definitions:
  mapping: &mymapping
    handlers:
      - handler: handleBlock
        kind: substrate/BlockHandler

dataSources:
  - name: polkadotRuntime
    kind: substrate/Runtime
    filter:  #Optional
        specName: polkadot
    startBlock: 1000
    mapping: *mymapping #use template here
  - name: kusamaRuntime
    kind: substrate/Runtime
    filter: 
        specName: kusama
    startBlock: 12000 
    mapping: *mymapping # can reuse or change
```

## Mapping Filters

Mapping filters are an extremely useful feature to decide what block, event, or extrinsic will trigger a mapping handler. 

Only incoming data that satisfy the filter conditions will be processed by the mapping functions. Mapping filters are optional but are recommended as they significantly reduce the amount of data processed by your SubQuery project and will improve indexing performance.

```yaml
#Example filter from callHandler
filter: 
   module: balances
   method: Deposit
   success: true
```

The following table explains filters supported by different handlers.

| Handler                  | Supported filter                                          |
|---------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| [BlockHandler](./mapping.md#block-handler) | `specVersion` |
| [EventHandler](./mapping.md#event-handler) | `module`,`method` |
| [CallHandler](./mapping.md#call-handler) | `module`,`method` ,`success`|


-  Module and method filters are supported on any substrate-based chain.
- The `success` filter takes a boolean value and can be used to filter the extrinsic by its success status.
- The `specVersion` filter specifies the spec version range for a substrate block. The following examples describe how to set version ranges.

```yaml
filter:
  specVersion: [23, 24]   #Index block with specVersion in between 23 and 24 (inclusive).
  specVersion: [100]      #Index block with specVersion greater than or equal 100.
  specVersion: [null, 23] #Index block with specVersion less than or equal 23.
```

## Custom Chains

You can index data from custom chains by also including chain types in the `project.yaml`. Declare the specific types supported by this blockchain in `network.types`. We support the additional types used by substrate runtime modules.

`typesAlias`, `typesBundle`, `typesChain`, and `typesSpec` are also supported.

``` yml
specVersion: "0.0.1"
description: "This subquery indexes kitty's birth info"
repository: "https://github.com/onfinality-io/subql-examples"
schema: "./schema.graphql"
network:
  endpoint: "ws://host.kittychain.io/public-ws"
  types: {
    "KittyIndex": "u32",
    "Kitty": "[u8; 16]"
  }
# typesChain: { chain: { Type5: 'example' } }
# typesSpec: { spec: { Type6: 'example' } }
dataSources:
  - name: runtime
    kind: substrate/Runtime
    startBlock: 1
    filter:  #Optional
      specName: kitty-chain 
    mapping:
      handlers:
        - handler: handleKittyBred
          kind: substrate/CallHandler
          filter:
            module: kitties
            method: breed
            success: true
```
