docs/create/mapping.md, before:

# Mapping

Mapping functions define how chain data is transformed into the optimised GraphQL entities that we have previously defined in the `schema.graphql` file.

Mappings are written in a subset of TypeScript called AssemblyScript which can be compiled to WASM (WebAssembly). 
- Mappings are defined in the `src/mappings` directory and are exported as a function
- These mappings are also exported in `src/index.ts`
- The mappings files are reference in `project.yaml` under the mapping handlers.

There are three classes of mappings functions; [Block handlers](#block-handler), [Event Handlers](#event-handler) and [Call Handlers](#call-handler).

## Block Handler

You can use block handlers to capture information each time a new block is attached to the Substrate chain, e.g. block number. To achieve this, a defined BlockHandler will be called once for every block.

```ts
import {SubstrateBlock} from "@subql/types";

export async function handleBlock(block: SubstrateBlock): Promise<void> {
    // Create a new StarterEntity with the block hash as it's ID
    const record = new starterEntity(block.block.header.hash.toString());
    record.field1 = block.block.header.number.toNumber();
    await record.save();
}
```

A [SubstrateBlock](https://github.com/OnFinality-io/subql/blob/a5ab06526dcffe5912206973583669c7f5b9fdc9/packages/types/src/interfaces.ts#L16) is an extended interface type of [signedBlock](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/cookbook/blocks/), but also includes the `specVersion` and `timestamp`.

## Event Handler

You can use event handlers to capture information when certain events are included on a new block. The events that are part of the default Substrate runtime and a block may contain multiple events.

During the processing, the event handler will receive a substrate event as an argument with the event's typed inputs and outputs. Any type of events will trigger the mapping, allowing activity with the data source to be captured. You should use [Mapping Filters](./manifest.md#mapping-filters) in your manifest to filter events to reduce the time it takes to index data and improve mapping performance.

```ts
import {SubstrateEvent} from "@subql/types";

export async function handleEvent(event: SubstrateEvent): Promise<void> {
    const {event: {data: [account, balance]}} = event;
    // Retrieve the record by its ID
    const record = new starterEntity(event.extrinsic.block.block.header.hash.toString());
    record.field2 = account.toString();
    record.field3 = (balance as Balance).toBigInt();
    await record.save();
```

A [SubstrateEvent](https://github.com/OnFinality-io/subql/blob/a5ab06526dcffe5912206973583669c7f5b9fdc9/packages/types/src/interfaces.ts#L30) is an extended interface type of the [EventRecord](https://github.com/polkadot-js/api/blob/f0ce53f5a5e1e5a77cc01bf7f9ddb7fcf8546d11/packages/types/src/interfaces/system/types.ts#L149). Besides the event data, it also includes an `id` (the block to which this event belongs) and the extrinsic inside of this block.

## Call Handler

Call handlers are used when you want to capture information on certain substrate extrinsics.

```ts
export async function handleCall(extrinsic: SubstrateExtrinsic): Promise<void> {
    const record = new starterEntity(extrinsic.block.block.header.hash.toString());
    record.field4 = extrinsic.block.timestamp;
    await record.save();
}
```

The [SubstrateExtrinsic](https://github.com/OnFinality-io/subql/blob/a5ab06526dcffe5912206973583669c7f5b9fdc9/packages/types/src/interfaces.ts#L21) extends [GenericExtrinsic](https://github.com/polkadot-js/api/blob/a9c9fb5769dec7ada8612d6068cf69de04aa15ed/packages/types/src/extrinsic/Extrinsic.ts#L170). It is assigned an `id` (the block to which this extrinsic belongs) and provide an extrinsic property which extends the events among this block. Additionally it records the success status of this extrinsic.

## Query States
Our goal is to cover all data sources for users for mapping handlers (more than just the three interface event types above). Therefore, we have exposed some of the @polkadot/api interfaces to increase capabilities. 

These are the interface we currently support:
- [api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;()](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/start/api.query) will query the <strong>current</strong> block.
- [api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.multi()](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/start/api.query.multi/#multi-queries-same-type) will make multiple queries of the <strong>same</strong> type at the current block.
- [api.queryMulti()](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/start/api.query.multi/#multi-queries-distinct-types) will make multiple queries of <strong>different</strong> types at the current block.

These are the interface we do **NOT** support currently:
- ~~api.tx.*~~
- ~~api.derive.*~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.at~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.entriesAt~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.entriesPaged~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.hash~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.keysAt~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.keysPaged~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.range~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.sizeAt~~

See an example of using this API in our [validator-threshold](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/validator-threshold) example use case.

## RPC calls

We also support some API RPC methods that are remote calls that allow the mapping function to interact with the actual node, query, and submission. 
A core premise of SubQuery is that it's deterministic, and therefore, to keep the results consistent we only allow historical RPC calls.

Documents in [JSON-RPC](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/substrate/rpc/#rpc) provide some methods that takes `BlockHash` as an input parameter (e.g. `at?: BlockHash`), which are now permitted.
We have also modified these methods to take the current indexing block hash by default. 

```typescript
// Let's say we are currently indexing a block with this hash number
const blockhash = `0x844047c4cf1719ba6d54891e92c071a41e3dfe789d064871148e9d41ef086f6a`;

// Original method has an optional input is block hash
const b1 = await api.rpc.chain.getBlock(blockhash);

// It will use the current block has by default like so
const b2 = await api.rpc.chain.getBlock();
```
- For [Custom Substrate Chains](#custom-substrate-chains) RPC calls, see [usage](#usage).

## Modules and Libraries

In order to improve SubQuery's data processing capabilities, we have allowed some of the NodeJS's built-in modules for running mapping functions in the [sandbox](#the-sandbox), and have allowed users to call third-party libraries.

Please note this is an **experimental features** and you may encounter bugs or issues that many negatively impact on your mapping functions. Please report any bugs you find by creating an issue in [GitHub](https://github.com/subquery/subql).
### Built-in modules 

Currently, we allow the following NodeJS modules: `assert`, `buffer`, `crypto`, `util`, and `path` . 

Rather than importing the whole module, we recommend only importing the required method(s) that you need. Some methods in these modules may have dependencies that are unsupported and will fail on import. 

```ts
import {hashMessage} from "ethers/lib/utils"; //Good way
import {utils} from "ethers" //Bad way

export async function handleCall(extrinsic: SubstrateExtrinsic): Promise<void> {
    const record = new starterEntity(extrinsic.block.block.header.hash.toString());
    record.field1 = hashMessage('Hello');
    await record.save();
}
```

### Third-party libraries

Due to the limitations of the virtual machine in our sandbox, currently we only support third-party libraries written by **CommonJS**. 

We also support a **hybrid** library like `@polkadot/*` that uses ESM as default. However, if any other libraries depend on any modules in **ESM** format, the virtual machine will **NOT** compile and return an error. 
 
## Custom Substrate Chains

SubQuery can be used on any Substrate-based chain, not just Polkadot or Kusama. 

You can use a custom Substrate-based chain and we provide tools to import types, interfaces, and additional methods automatically using [@polkadot/typegen](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/examples/promise/typegen/).

In the following sections we use our [kitty example](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/kitty) to explain the integration process.

### Preparation

Create a new directory `api-interfaces` under the project `src` folder to store all required and generated files. We also create an `api-interfaces/kitties` directory as we want to add decoration in the API from the `kitties` module.

#### Metadata

We need metadata to generate the actual API endpoints. In the kitty example, we use an endpoint from a local testnet, and it provides additional types.
Follow the steps in [PolkadotJS metadata setup](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/examples/promise/typegen#metadata-setup) to retrieve a node's metadata from its **HTTP** endpoint.

```shell
curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"id":"1", "jsonrpc":"2.0", "method": "state_getMetadata", "params":[]}' http://localhost:9933
```
or from its **websocket** endpoint with help from [`websocat`](https://github.com/vi/websocat):

```shell
//Install the websocat
brew install websocat

//Get metadata
echo state_getMetadata | websocat 'ws://127.0.0.1:9944' --jsonrpc
```

Next, copy and paste the output to a JSON file. In our [kitty example](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/kitty), we have created `api-interface/kitty.json`.

#### Type definitions
We assume that the user knows the specific types and RPC support from the chain, and it is defined in the [Manifest](./manifest.md). 

Following [types setup](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/examples/promise/typegen#metadata-setup), we create :
- `src/api-interfaces/definitions.ts` - this exports all the sub-folder definitions 

```ts
export { default as kitties } from './kitties/definitions';
```

- `src/api-interfaces/kitties/definitions.ts` - type definitions for the kitties module
```ts
export default {
    // custom types
    types: {
        Address: "AccountId",
        LookupSource: "AccountId",
        KittyIndex: "u32",
        Kitty: "[u8; 16]"
    },
    // custom rpc : api.rpc.kitties.getKittyPrice
    rpc: {
        getKittyPrice:{
            description: 'Get Kitty price',
            params: [
                {
                    name: 'at',
                    type: 'BlockHash',
                    isHistoric: true,
                    isOptional: false
                },
                {
                    name: 'kittyIndex',
                    type: 'KittyIndex',
                    isOptional: false
                }
            ],
            type: 'Balance'
        }
    }
}
```

#### Packages

- In the `package.json` file, make sure to add `@polkadot/typegen` as a development dependency and `@polkadot/api` as a regular dependency (ideally the same version). We also need `ts-node` as a development dependency to help us run the scripts.
- We add scripts to run both types; `generate:defs` and metadata `generate:meta` generators (in that order, so metadata can use the types).

Here is a simplified version of `package.json`. Make sure in the **scripts** section the package name is correct and the directories are valid.

```json
{
  "name": "kitty-birthinfo",
  "scripts": {
    "generate:defs": "ts-node --skip-project node_modules/.bin/polkadot-types-from-defs --package kitty-birthinfo/api-interfaces --input ./src/api-interfaces",
    "generate:meta": "ts-node --skip-project node_modules/.bin/polkadot-types-from-chain --package kitty-birthinfo/api-interfaces --endpoint ./src/api-interfaces/kitty.json --output ./src/api-interfaces --strict"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "@polkadot/api": "^4.9.2"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "typescript": "^4.1.3",
    "@polkadot/typegen": "^4.9.2",
    "ts-node": "^8.6.2"
  }
}
```

### Type generation

Now that preparation is completed, we are ready to generate types and metadata. Run the commands below:

```shell
# Yarn to install new dependencies
yarn

# Generate types
yarn generate:defs
```

In each modules folder (eg `/kitties`), there should now be a generated `types.ts` that defines all interfaces from this modules' definitions, also a file `index.ts` that exports them all.

```shell
# Generate metadata
yarn generate:meta
```

This command will generate the metadata and a new api-augment for the APIs. As we don't want to use the built-in API, we will need to replace them by adding an explicit override in our `tsconfig.json`.
After the updates, the paths in the config will look like this (without the comments):

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
      // this is the package name we use (in the interface imports, --package for generators) */
      "kitty-birthinfo/*": ["src/*"],
      // here we replace the @polkadot/api augmentation with our own, generated from chain
      "@polkadot/api/augment": ["src/interfaces/augment-api.ts"],
      // replace the augmented types with our own, as generated from definitions
      "@polkadot/types/augment": ["src/interfaces/augment-types.ts"]
    }
}
```

### Usage

Now in the mapping function, we can show how the metadata and types actually decorate the API. The RPC endpoint will support the modules and methods we declared above.

```typescript
export async function kittyApiHandler(): Promise<void> {
    //return the KittyIndex type
    const nextKittyId = await api.query.kitties.nextKittyId();
    // return the Kitty type, input parameters types are AccountId and KittyIndex
    const allKitties  = await api.query.kitties.kitties('xxxxxxxxx',123)
    logger.info(`Next kitty id ${nextKittyId}`)
    //Custom rpc, set undefined to blockhash
    const kittyPrice = await api.rpc.kitties.getKittyPrice(undefined,nextKittyId);
}
```

**If you wish to publish this project to our explorer, please include the generated files in `src/api-interfaces`.**

Commit message:

Feature/welcome page (#399)
* frontent finish

* h5 style

* Adds FAQs and tutorials

* Adds more faqs and links to docs home page.

* Adds tech ref section

* Review tweaks

* Adds terminology page and install section

* Adds starting guide

* Corrects grammar

* Fix grammar and typos

* Add extrinsic to FAQ

* use website link

* use website link

* Remove start here and update titles

* Update some links

* Update landing page

Co-authored-by: seandotau <seandotau@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: James Bayly <bayly.james@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: James Bayly <46693720+jamesbayly@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/create/mapping.md, after:

# Mapping

Mapping functions define how chain data is transformed into the optimised GraphQL entities that we have previously defined in the `schema.graphql` file.

Mappings are written in a subset of TypeScript called AssemblyScript which can be compiled to WASM (WebAssembly). 
- Mappings are defined in the `src/mappings` directory and are exported as a function
- These mappings are also exported in `src/index.ts`
- The mappings files are reference in `project.yaml` under the mapping handlers.

There are three classes of mappings functions; [Block handlers](#block-handler), [Event Handlers](#event-handler), and [Call Handlers](#call-handler).

## Block Handler

You can use block handlers to capture information each time a new block is attached to the Substrate chain, e.g. block number. To achieve this, a defined BlockHandler will be called once for every block.

```ts
import {SubstrateBlock} from "@subql/types";

export async function handleBlock(block: SubstrateBlock): Promise<void> {
    // Create a new StarterEntity with the block hash as it's ID
    const record = new starterEntity(block.block.header.hash.toString());
    record.field1 = block.block.header.number.toNumber();
    await record.save();
}
```

A [SubstrateBlock](https://github.com/OnFinality-io/subql/blob/a5ab06526dcffe5912206973583669c7f5b9fdc9/packages/types/src/interfaces.ts#L16) is an extended interface type of [signedBlock](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/cookbook/blocks/), but also includes the `specVersion` and `timestamp`.

## Event Handler

You can use event handlers to capture information when certain events are included on a new block. The events that are part of the default Substrate runtime and a block may contain multiple events.

During the processing, the event handler will receive a substrate event as an argument with the event's typed inputs and outputs. Any type of event will trigger the mapping, allowing activity with the data source to be captured. You should use [Mapping Filters](./manifest.md#mapping-filters) in your manifest to filter events to reduce the time it takes to index data and improve mapping performance.

```ts
import {SubstrateEvent} from "@subql/types";

export async function handleEvent(event: SubstrateEvent): Promise<void> {
    const {event: {data: [account, balance]}} = event;
    // Retrieve the record by its ID
    const record = new starterEntity(event.extrinsic.block.block.header.hash.toString());
    record.field2 = account.toString();
    record.field3 = (balance as Balance).toBigInt();
    await record.save();
```

A [SubstrateEvent](https://github.com/OnFinality-io/subql/blob/a5ab06526dcffe5912206973583669c7f5b9fdc9/packages/types/src/interfaces.ts#L30) is an extended interface type of the [EventRecord](https://github.com/polkadot-js/api/blob/f0ce53f5a5e1e5a77cc01bf7f9ddb7fcf8546d11/packages/types/src/interfaces/system/types.ts#L149). Besides the event data, it also includes an `id` (the block to which this event belongs) and the extrinsic inside of this block.

## Call Handler

Call handlers are used when you want to capture information on certain substrate extrinsics.

```ts
export async function handleCall(extrinsic: SubstrateExtrinsic): Promise<void> {
    const record = new starterEntity(extrinsic.block.block.header.hash.toString());
    record.field4 = extrinsic.block.timestamp;
    await record.save();
}
```

The [SubstrateExtrinsic](https://github.com/OnFinality-io/subql/blob/a5ab06526dcffe5912206973583669c7f5b9fdc9/packages/types/src/interfaces.ts#L21) extends [GenericExtrinsic](https://github.com/polkadot-js/api/blob/a9c9fb5769dec7ada8612d6068cf69de04aa15ed/packages/types/src/extrinsic/Extrinsic.ts#L170). It is assigned an `id` (the block to which this extrinsic belongs) and provides an extrinsic property that extends the events among this block. Additionally, it records the success status of this extrinsic.

## Query States
Our goal is to cover all data sources for users for mapping handlers (more than just the three interface event types above). Therefore, we have exposed some of the @polkadot/api interfaces to increase capabilities. 

These are the interfaces we currently support:
- [api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;()](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/start/api.query) will query the <strong>current</strong> block.
- [api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.multi()](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/start/api.query.multi/#multi-queries-same-type) will make multiple queries of the <strong>same</strong> type at the current block.
- [api.queryMulti()](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/start/api.query.multi/#multi-queries-distinct-types) will make multiple queries of <strong>different</strong> types at the current block.

These are the interfaces we do **NOT** support currently:
- ~~api.tx.*~~
- ~~api.derive.*~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.at~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.entriesAt~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.entriesPaged~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.hash~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.keysAt~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.keysPaged~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.range~~
- ~~api.query.&lt;module&gt;.&lt;method&gt;.sizeAt~~

See an example of using this API in our [validator-threshold](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/validator-threshold) example use case.

## RPC calls

We also support some API RPC methods that are remote calls that allow the mapping function to interact with the actual node, query, and submission. 
A core premise of SubQuery is that it's deterministic, and therefore, to keep the results consistent we only allow historical RPC calls.

Documents in [JSON-RPC](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/substrate/rpc/#rpc) provide some methods that take `BlockHash` as an input parameter (e.g. `at?: BlockHash`), which are now permitted.
We have also modified these methods to take the current indexing block hash by default. 

```typescript
// Let's say we are currently indexing a block with this hash number
const blockhash = `0x844047c4cf1719ba6d54891e92c071a41e3dfe789d064871148e9d41ef086f6a`;

// Original method has an optional input is block hash
const b1 = await api.rpc.chain.getBlock(blockhash);

// It will use the current block has by default like so
const b2 = await api.rpc.chain.getBlock();
```
- For [Custom Substrate Chains](#custom-substrate-chains) RPC calls, see [usage](#usage).

## Modules and Libraries

To improve SubQuery's data processing capabilities, we have allowed some of the NodeJS's built-in modules for running mapping functions in the [sandbox](#the-sandbox), and have allowed users to call third-party libraries.

Please note this is an **experimental feature** and you may encounter bugs or issues that may negatively impact your mapping functions. Please report any bugs you find by creating an issue in [GitHub](https://github.com/subquery/subql).

### Built-in modules 

Currently, we allow the following NodeJS modules: `assert`, `buffer`, `crypto`, `util`, and `path`. 

Rather than importing the whole module, we recommend only importing the required method(s) that you need. Some methods in these modules may have dependencies that are unsupported and will fail on import. 

```ts
import {hashMessage} from "ethers/lib/utils"; //Good way
import {utils} from "ethers" //Bad way

export async function handleCall(extrinsic: SubstrateExtrinsic): Promise<void> {
    const record = new starterEntity(extrinsic.block.block.header.hash.toString());
    record.field1 = hashMessage('Hello');
    await record.save();
}
```

### Third-party libraries

Due to the limitations of the virtual machine in our sandbox, currently, we only support third-party libraries written by **CommonJS**. 

We also support a **hybrid** library like `@polkadot/*` that uses ESM as default. However, if any other libraries depend on any modules in **ESM** format, the virtual machine will **NOT** compile and return an error. 
 
## Custom Substrate Chains

SubQuery can be used on any Substrate-based chain, not just Polkadot or Kusama. 

You can use a custom Substrate-based chain and we provide tools to import types, interfaces, and additional methods automatically using [@polkadot/typegen](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/examples/promise/typegen/).

In the following sections, we use our [kitty example](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/kitty) to explain the integration process.

### Preparation

Create a new directory `api-interfaces` under the project `src` folder to store all required and generated files. We also create an `api-interfaces/kitties` directory as we want to add decoration in the API from the `kitties` module.

#### Metadata

We need metadata to generate the actual API endpoints. In the kitty example, we use an endpoint from a local testnet, and it provides additional types.
Follow the steps in [PolkadotJS metadata setup](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/examples/promise/typegen#metadata-setup) to retrieve a node's metadata from its **HTTP** endpoint.

```shell
curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"id":"1", "jsonrpc":"2.0", "method": "state_getMetadata", "params":[]}' http://localhost:9933
```
or from its **websocket** endpoint with help from [`websocat`](https://github.com/vi/websocat):

```shell
//Install the websocat
brew install websocat

//Get metadata
echo state_getMetadata | websocat 'ws://127.0.0.1:9944' --jsonrpc
```

Next, copy and paste the output to a JSON file. In our [kitty example](https://github.com/subquery/subql-examples/tree/main/kitty), we have created `api-interface/kitty.json`.

#### Type definitions
We assume that the user knows the specific types and RPC support from the chain, and it is defined in the [Manifest](./manifest.md). 

Following [types setup](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/examples/promise/typegen#metadata-setup), we create :
- `src/api-interfaces/definitions.ts` - this exports all the sub-folder definitions 

```ts
export { default as kitties } from './kitties/definitions';
```

- `src/api-interfaces/kitties/definitions.ts` - type definitions for the kitties module
```ts
export default {
    // custom types
    types: {
        Address: "AccountId",
        LookupSource: "AccountId",
        KittyIndex: "u32",
        Kitty: "[u8; 16]"
    },
    // custom rpc : api.rpc.kitties.getKittyPrice
    rpc: {
        getKittyPrice:{
            description: 'Get Kitty price',
            params: [
                {
                    name: 'at',
                    type: 'BlockHash',
                    isHistoric: true,
                    isOptional: false
                },
                {
                    name: 'kittyIndex',
                    type: 'KittyIndex',
                    isOptional: false
                }
            ],
            type: 'Balance'
        }
    }
}
```

#### Packages

- In the `package.json` file, make sure to add `@polkadot/typegen` as a development dependency and `@polkadot/api` as a regular dependency (ideally the same version). We also need `ts-node` as a development dependency to help us run the scripts.
- We add scripts to run both types; `generate:defs` and metadata `generate:meta` generators (in that order, so metadata can use the types).

Here is a simplified version of `package.json`. Make sure in the **scripts** section the package name is correct and the directories are valid.

```json
{
  "name": "kitty-birthinfo",
  "scripts": {
    "generate:defs": "ts-node --skip-project node_modules/.bin/polkadot-types-from-defs --package kitty-birthinfo/api-interfaces --input ./src/api-interfaces",
    "generate:meta": "ts-node --skip-project node_modules/.bin/polkadot-types-from-chain --package kitty-birthinfo/api-interfaces --endpoint ./src/api-interfaces/kitty.json --output ./src/api-interfaces --strict"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "@polkadot/api": "^4.9.2"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "typescript": "^4.1.3",
    "@polkadot/typegen": "^4.9.2",
    "ts-node": "^8.6.2"
  }
}
```

### Type generation

Now that preparation is completed, we are ready to generate types and metadata. Run the commands below:

```shell
# Yarn to install new dependencies
yarn

# Generate types
yarn generate:defs
```

In each modules folder (eg `/kitties`), there should now be a generated `types.ts` that defines all interfaces from this modules' definitions, also a file `index.ts` that exports them all.

```shell
# Generate metadata
yarn generate:meta
```

This command will generate the metadata and a new api-augment for the APIs. As we don't want to use the built-in API, we will need to replace them by adding an explicit override in our `tsconfig.json`.
After the updates, the paths in the config will look like this (without the comments):

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
      // this is the package name we use (in the interface imports, --package for generators) */
      "kitty-birthinfo/*": ["src/*"],
      // here we replace the @polkadot/api augmentation with our own, generated from chain
      "@polkadot/api/augment": ["src/interfaces/augment-api.ts"],
      // replace the augmented types with our own, as generated from definitions
      "@polkadot/types/augment": ["src/interfaces/augment-types.ts"]
    }
}
```

### Usage

Now in the mapping function, we can show how the metadata and types actually decorate the API. The RPC endpoint will support the modules and methods we declared above.

```typescript
export async function kittyApiHandler(): Promise<void> {
    //return the KittyIndex type
    const nextKittyId = await api.query.kitties.nextKittyId();
    // return the Kitty type, input parameters types are AccountId and KittyIndex
    const allKitties  = await api.query.kitties.kitties('xxxxxxxxx',123)
    logger.info(`Next kitty id ${nextKittyId}`)
    //Custom rpc, set undefined to blockhash
    const kittyPrice = await api.rpc.kitties.getKittyPrice(undefined,nextKittyId);
}
```

**If you wish to publish this project to our explorer, please include the generated files in `src/api-interfaces`.**
